Year 20XX, Neo Tokyo.
Fed up with society,
youngsters joined hands to
find their own place in the world--
they formed tribes.
However, group loyalty was so fierce
that conflicts arose between the tribes
of the many cities of Neo Tokyo.
Due to their threat to society,
the Neo Tokyo government
"Breaking News:
XB (Extreme Baseball) Law Implemented"
decreed tribe conflicts to be resolved
through Extreme Baseball--
nicknamed the "XB Law."
Their pride on the line,
youngsters poured their
hearts into the radical game.
"Episode 1: It Takes Guts"
Extreme Baseball, huh?
Sounds fun! You just wait!
I'm gonna beat you!
You know how this goes.
Out with it already.
Haru! Pretend to get your wallet out,
and then we'll run!
O-Okay.
Hey, you!
Yasuhiro!
Whoa there! Looks like you got
betrayed by your friend, Haru.
But since we're so nice,
we'll let you off with your wallet.
Wh-What?
Your squeaky little voice is pissing off
my empty stomach.
Take this, freak!
Look out!
He with you?!
N-No!
Whatever! Get 'em!
Hey!
Shit! If only I wasn't starving...
You're in for a world of hurt!
I sent the punk flying!
Hey, you! I saw that!
Hit back! Don't just stand there!
The hell--?
Who's there?!
Who are you?!
When people start stupid shit
in my home, it upsets me.
Your home? Who the hell
do you think you are?
Oh, shit!
Eh? What's your problem?
That's Shun Kamiya!
What?! Shun Kamiya?!
Oh? Am I that famous?
Just the guy I'm looking for!
H-Hey!
Is it fun to outnumber and pick on people?
No, it's not.
It takes no guts, you lowlifes.
Who gives a shit?!
Hmph! You missed. Extreme Baseball's
star player ain't a big deal after all.
No, he didn't...
Just this once.
If you pull shit like
this again in Minato City...
It'll get ugly.
--Dammit!
--Shit!
Shun Kamiya! I challenge you!
Huh? Why? Who are you?
I'm Taiga, the world's best
tuna fisherman from abroad!
And once I beat you, I'll be the best
Extreme Baseball player there is!
Um, uh... Wait!
Guys?!
You moron! You drank so much
yesterday, you should've known!
Ugh, I feel sick! Help me, Arisugawa!
Not happening.
Here! One cup of hangover cure.
Stop it, Micchan.
The smell of it's making me sick.
Coffee?
Coffee hangover.
When Shun has over three cups,
he suffers the next day.
Nekomaru! I'm in agony!
Hey, aren't you hurt?
Huh? S-Sorry!
What's your name?
Haru. Haru Shirokane.
Oh? Haru, huh? Nice name.
Manami? Patch him up, too.
Sure thing!
You're really well-built. What do you do?
Tuna fishing.
Fishing?! You, too?
No, absolutely not! I'm, uh...
How do I put it? A boring person.
That's not true.
Huh?
You thought I'd say that? Too bad.
You can put yourself down, but don't
expect others to lift you back up.
That's just plain arrogance.
Kamiya, you've said too much.
H-Hey!
So be it! Your name is Tuna!
And your name is Boring!
--Eh?
--The hell--?!
There it is! Shun's wacky naming sense!
In that case,
I think I'm gonna call you Barf!
Nah, I think not.
No objections!
At least give me a proper title.
Coffee Barfer!
Back me up here, Boring.
Wh-What? I-I'm not--!
Quit your stuttering!
If you're gonna talk, talk!
What were those reflexes back there?
What reflexes?
You saw that attack and totally dodged it.
Your eyes and agility were
somehow good enough to pull it off.
Yet you're putting yourself down?
N-No! I got beat up!
Didn't you see me get smacked around?!
For crying out loud.
--Oh?
Um, Haru?
S-Sorry!
He's that kinda guy.
I see!
--I see!
I-I'm not! Really!
Oh. We've got a customer.
Are you guys Minato Tribe?
Huh? Uh, yeah.
Here's my business card.
Um, thanks.
Shinagawa Tribe's leader, Yutaka Gotanda?
This is forgery.
Shinagawa's leader is Kitahama.
Was. He's no longer with Shinagawa.
We've taken over the tribe.
I've heard about a crew using tons
of XB gear to rise to the top.
Spikes, gloves, bats...
According to XB Law,
none of them are prohibited.
What do you want?
We're not gonna buy your junk.
Oh, please! We're not here
to peddle our wares.
But if we use the gear we developed
and manage to beat Minato Tribe,
the top-ranked team in Extreme Baseball,
what an advertisement it would be.
What are they talking about?
Shh!
Today, we're here to invite you
to play Extreme Baseball.
In other words, we challenge you.
Hmph! Get lost!
If you refuse, we'll say
Minato Tribe chickened out.
Chickened out?!
Fine.
--Eh?!
--Kamiya!
I mean, it sounds fun to me.
Tuna and Boring, you play.
Huh? Play?
In a game?! A game! Hell yeah!
Why me?
Hey! What gives, Kamiya?
They can play in my place.
--Eh?!
I'm a big ship in a small pond!
T-Taiga!
It's fine! It's fine! It'll all work out.
You're kidding!
Let's get to it.
Whoa!
Hop in!
Whoa, Taiga!
Yeah! Living the dream!
Huh? What's that?
A judge robot--an umpire for XB.
Power, okay!
Hydraulics, okay!
Safety, okay!
All okay!
Who are they?
Four in our lineup. They're quadruplets.
Good! Bench open!
It transformed!
This is Minato Tribe's mobile bench!
Hell yeah!
Now then, let's play ball
and have some fun!
Change. You can't play in those clothes.
B-But, I'm not--!
Here. Also, you'll want these.
A badge transmitter and bracelet
glove--basic Extreme Baseball gear!
I can't! I've never played!
Don't be such a wimp!
You know you can't without ever trying?
But, what if we lose?
Try your best!
You're kidding!
Is trying your best too much to ask?
Huh?
I think it's a wonderful thing.
H-Hey!
Just leave it to Big Ship Taiga!
For now, just remember this one thing--
once you've got the ball, beat 'em up!
--Huh?!
--Seriously? That's awesome!
Be careful!
They'll try to beat you up, too!
Mita! Get us up and ready!
Got it!
What position are you, Arisugawa?
Huh? Me?
--Catcher!
--Eh?
Saori is our playmaker.
Playmaker?
She's mentally and physically strong.
She's the only one who can catch
Shun's pitches when he's serious.
Play ball!
Gotcha!
There! Fifty meters north of Block 3!
Beneath it! Moving to intercept!
Stop! Taiga!
You're going nowhere, pal!
Idiot!
Shit! The hell is this?!
Violation! Violation! Rule violation!
I said, "once you've got the ball!"
It's against the rules
to fight without it!
A-All right! My bad!
Newbie's fault.
Yeah, the newbie.
Definitely the newbie.
The newbie, for sure.
Shuddap already!
Haru hits next.
I can't! There's no way!
If you won't, then I will. All right?
S-Sure.
Damn, you really are Boring.
If you don't stand in the batter's box,
you'll never win a fight.
Not everyone in the world wants
to fight as much as you do.
Then keep sucking your thumb and
watch from the sidelines, Mega Boring.
Your nickname leveled up.
C'mon! Bring it!
The straightforward type--their simple
thinking makes them easy to deal with!
Strike!
Oof!
This ain't over!
Strike!
Too much power! Tone it down, Taiga!
Hell no! When you fish,
you gotta set the hook like a boss!
If you don't and it gets away, you lose!
This, too! Winning without
giving your all ain't a win!
Playing to not lose is for losers!
Wise words!
--Huh?
--He'll hit the next one.
Huh?!
Heave ho!
What?! It's okay! Stop him at 1st!
Outta the way!
Yeah! That's the power
of a tuna fisherman!
Did you see the ocean, too?
You're up next, Boring.
What? No!
Trying your best isn't a bad thing.
You have your own way of trying your best.
Keep the bat in front of me!
Huh? My strong point?
Yup. You've got good eyes.
You've gotta use 'em.
Don't close your eyes. Use both.
Do that and you'll see
things you never did before.
What kind of stance is that?
Let's scare him a little bit.
Use both eyes! Use both eyes!
--Look out!
--Hey! Dodge it!
Run!
Huh? Can I?
Go!
No way! I hit it?!
Sorry! An error caused it to freeze.
That's 'cuz you
outsourced it to save money!
Forget about 2nd! Stop him at 1st!
No way! I'll die if I'm hit!
I wanna give up and run! I'm scared!
Don't close your eyes.
--Yeah!
--Woohoo!
I got on base?! For real?!
Nice one, Boring!
Those two aren't half bad!
Mm-hmm.
You knew from the start?
Who knows? Now then, it's time
to show the newbies how it's done.
I'll handle the grounders.
Don't worry. I won't let anyone else...
Oh? It's Minato's big slugger.
If I knock out your one and only pitcher,
doesn't it mean that we win?
Do you honestly think you can?
Easily.
In that case, behold
my maximum-power pitching!
The hell--?!
I'll activate mighty mode.
Feast your eyes on Shinagawa Tribe's
latest XB Gear--Gungnir Alpha!
It's packed with artificial muscles
totaling 50 horsepower!
And a high-speed plasma drum
that throws a ball at railgun speeds!
Awesome! For real?!
That's allowed?
Apparently.
What's wrong?
Too fast for your eyes to see?
If you dare make contact,
it'll blast you off your feet!
Yeah? How about I blast it so hard,
it knocks the tip off of Minato Tower?
Blast this!
Just like Kamiya said, his hit knocked
down the tip of Minato Tower.
That's the crazy and baffling
Extreme Baseball for you.
Does it take power, skill, or guts?
I'm still not sure what's
the deciding factor to win.
But, when I was part of the game...
It was so exciting!
Dammit! That Shun Kamiya pisses me off.
Calm down.
Eh? Say what?!
Oh? If it isn't the wimp, Haru.
What? You all alone today?
Hmm? What you got there?
Eh? What's your deal?
I've decided to try my best!
You think I should've gone with him?
Haru said he'll do it alone, so...
But, still!
--H-Haru!
--We were worried sick about you!
--I'm glad you're back!
--You all right?!
So? How was it?
Kamiya.
What's up?
Here.
Keep it, Haru.
Huh?
Aren't you gonna play Extreme Baseball?
Yeah!
Huh? What's that badge?!
What about me?! I want one!
I dunno about Tuna.
No fair! That's discrimination,
Coffee Barfer!
You sure you wanna insult me?
--I'm hungry! Make me something!--I just got done making breakfast.
--Can I have some, too?!--Shut up!